Document olm version support (#4598)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/overview/_index.md

[client-go]:https://github.com/kubernetes/client-go
[client-go-compat]:https://github.com/kubernetes/client-go#compatibility-matrix

> ## OLM version compatibility

Author: Would it be helpful if we document the specific OLM versions which we are supporting in [release notes](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/releases/tag/v1.4.2)?

Author: cc: @estroz @jmrodri

Reviewer: Not directly, since that could lead to drift. Wdyt about printing the versions packaged locally in flag help text?

Author: Yeah, makes sense. Will do that in a follow up

> Operator SDK officially supports the latest 3 versions of OLM present at the time of SDK's release. These versions of OLM manifests are packaged with the SDK binary in the form of `bindata` to support offline installations of OLM with [`operator-sdk olm`][olm-install-cmd] command.

Reviewer: Nit: OLM images still need to be pulled so packaging manifests in bindata isn't "offline installation", per-se, but low-latency
```suggestion
Operator SDK officially supports the latest 3 versions of OLM present at the time of a given Operator SDK release. These versions of OLM manifests are packaged with the SDK binary in the form of `bindata` to support low-latency installations of OLM with [`operator-sdk olm install`][olm-install-cmd]. Any other version installed with this command may work but is not tested nor officially supported.
```
